readme.md, before:

# Bitbucket Server API Wrapper
A simple wrapper for the Atlassian's Bitbucket Server / Bitbucket Datacenter (formerly Stash) REST API, written in Python.

## Usage

### Instantiating

#### Basic Auth:

    import bitbucketserver
    bb = bitbucketserver.BitbucketServer(
        url="http://mybitbucket.company.com",
        basic_auth=('username', 'password))

#### Personal Tokens:

    bb = bitbucketserver.BitbucketServer(
        url="http://mybitbucket.company.com",
        bearer_token="...")


### Examples

    myrepo = bb.repo('project-key', 'my-repo')
    commits = myrepo.commits()
    new_repo = bb.create_new_repo('PROJ', "New Repo Name")
    new_repo.set_group_permission("dev-team", "REPO_WRITE")


## Installation

Install the library using pip:

    pip install bitbucketserver

You may also clone the repository and run `setup.py` manually.

## Requirements
Requirements for the module should be installed automatically if installed via pip or setup.py.

### Requests
This module uses the Python library [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/) for communication. Install it with:

    pip install requests

Version 2.4.2 or greater is required.

Commit message:

Documentation updates to mention the obj._raw and its relationship to object attributes.

readme.md, after:

# Bitbucket Server API Wrapper
A simple wrapper for the Atlassian's Bitbucket Server / Bitbucket Datacenter (formerly Stash) REST API, written in Python.

## Usage

### Instantiating

#### Basic Auth:

    import bitbucketserver
    bb = bitbucketserver.BitbucketServer(
        url="http://mybitbucket.company.com",
        basic_auth=('username', 'password))

#### Personal Tokens:

    bb = bitbucketserver.BitbucketServer(
        url="http://mybitbucket.company.com",
        bearer_token="...")


### Examples

    myrepo = bb.repo('project-key', 'my-repo')
    commits = myrepo.commits()
    new_repo = bb.create_new_repo('PROJ', "New Repo Name")
    new_repo.set_group_permission("dev-team", "REPO_WRITE")


#### Object Internals

All `resource.BitbucketObject` subclasses' attributes are dynamically accessed directly from the JSON dictionary returned by the Bitbucket server stored in `obj._raw`.
Any key present in the `obj._raw` dictionary can be accessed with `obj.key`.


For example, the `slug` attribute for a repository is accessed either by
`repo.slug` or `repo._raw["slug"]`.

## Installation

Install the library using pip:

    pip install bitbucketserver

You may also clone the repository and run `setup.py` manually.

## Requirements
Requirements for the module should be installed automatically if installed via pip or setup.py.

### Requests
This module uses the Python library [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/) for communication. Install it with:

    pip install requests

Version 2.4.2 or greater is required.
